sure did Louise say when he was gonna
get here he said he were opposed to be
here at 12 but that was half an hour ago
what will you call him sounds heavy up
my car his phone's broken of course
let's go cuz I'm not waiting I will do
the names give him 10 more minutes if
he's not here we go
I'm always supposed to do until then
what we have been doing for the past
half hour
wait isn't that look girl from school
yeah that's the weird one come on let's
follow
we're going
that's your question
what's it to you anyway when we ask you
a question you answer it
what's your name anyway it's hello like
mine who said if we ask a question the
answer it don't need to ask come back
watching the park
Jessamyn master what sort of stuff do we
hunt over the park
why just give us the back no all right
hande over
No
all right
[Music]
[Applause]